hi I got a bunch of requests for this
movie called Alex Strangelove on Netflix
that I knew nothing about I start
watching this thing it looks like it was
like young Ben Shapiro's coming-out
story back from high school
clearly this thing is more of a teen
romance right I know that this is a
whole demographic for some people you
know they're gonna love it
to me it was just a stream it that has
some of the weirdest lines of the year
let me explain so your boy alex is true
to love cuz that's that's actually his
last name Alex true love yeah that's my
actual last name my man hasn't even gone
up to bed so not only does he not have
an average my boy don't even know if
he's a lefty or a righty
hands are partnering with this girl for
a phone class that they're in and they
start this like docu-series treating
high schoolers like a National
Geographic Safari which is 1,000%
accurate but when your boy finally this
ice let's take a step up to the plate do
you want to come to the homecoming dance
with me oh I don't care what they say
about sex and stones look at this right
oh this reaction alone hurts like a
mother fast forward a couple of days and
they actually do hit it off they come
across some of their friends these two
do too
I kid you not they play the exact same
characters in BO Burnham's eighth grade
which is coming up I'm gonna tell you
right now y'all are gonna hate this kid
when you see him in eighth grade no lie
if you don't already hate him in this
movie oh my god you're gay that's very
funny no no no really there's nothing
wrong with that it's the 21st century
everyone gay what are you gay [ __ ] no
Alex and his girl decided to plan a
night to finally do it as if he's about
to go and listen the draft or something
sex you so good you won't know what time
it is boy do you know he practices on a
monkey since he's never done it before
and I don't I don't know if this was
supposed to be like an age joke or
something but his mama walks in and my
man can't finish monkeying around or buy
or Paulie what's Paulie it's some new
thing kids at our school or
experimenting with Paula Murray now look
I know terminology is like a big deal
nowadays and I respect that sure I'm
used to people twisting my words anyway
and people get offended just to get
offended but you know what I am actually
all for whatever you want to be whatever
Lyga me sexuality you want to be go
ahead and do it as long as you're not
hurting anybody else that's fine with me
you know what everyone deserves to get
their heart broken by someone anyways
Alex ends up meeting a gay individual
during some illegal festivities at a
party and kind of gets a crush on human
shrek over here who that's not even an
insult shrek is beautiful yeah I got to
stop putting beauty standards on men of
different shades dudes about offer a
fast pass down Pikeville when Alex's
girlfriend shows up did you guys make
out what no why would you say that I was
joking I like you I like girls I want to
sleep with girls
what is your problem nothing but it's
midnight and you show up here like this
crazy stalker person excuse me they're
like semi breakup which causes her to
lie she girls don't ever livestream
problems with your boyfriend and this
guy ends up having these colorful
hallucinations of Aldi brand cereal when
he decides to seek professional help
from a certified therapist Jewish in a
panic at the disco while jerking off to
pictures of vampires what no and you're
not bisexual who's that not how you're
supposed to arrest your boy then decides
to become a sex offender and and whips
out his burrito on school property just
to convince his friend that he's not gay
but alex proceeds to Elliott Yamin it
since he can't wait now when the hotel
night arrives he's obviously got to talk
some weird dirty talk since his mind is
somewhere else man gets in any and says
something even worse poor choice of
words you know what forget about it boyo
she she literally just clenches him out
so let's have this kind of a real quick
and I'm open to the debate right if he
kissed another person while he's in a
relationship is that not cheating or do
y'all give him a pass because he's
finding himself even though he kind of
made a promise to another person who he
was in a relationship with I'm just
saying because y'all called Kevin
Hartless when he when he found himself
in the wrong place of course they'd end
up breaking up thrasher kid hooks up
with another sex offender who's been
keeping his creepy underage pics and we
get a bunch of scenes that bunch of
scenes that when they're taken out of
context are hilarious
I'm gay I'm a big gay homo I'm still not
gonna come
[ __ ] a dolphin I'd [ __ ] a unicorn I'd
[ __ ] a cute little [ __ ] furry panda
bear slurp on that sack you are a hot
sexy chick and I'm gonna ejaculate my
erect penis inside your vagina if it
kills me is beautiful fashion - yeah by
the end of it Alex gets back with this
girl
Alex and doesn't get back with his girl
and he realizes that his true love was
just a grade ahead that's his last name
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section I know
some people are gonna love this movie
that's great I know
I made a video on some other LGBT movies
I got yelled at for peeing for it so I
can definitely see that Donald this is
the this is the time stamp for those
people right here don't get it twisted
if y'all can take a you can take a joke
comment like and subscribe down below
and let me know any other movies that
you want me to cover and write it down
in the comment section and this kiddo